Coach (00:03):
Hello, Julie. How are you today?

Client (00:07):
Good. Hi, Leslie. Nice to be with you.

Coach (00:11):
What is on your mind this morning?

Client (00:15):
A thousand things, but I think today is really about how, so my son just started daycare last week. He's 20 months, and I feel like I'm still a little bit juggling, not say, struggling, juggling and be more in a particular to try to find ways to prioritize my time with them, my time by myself, my time for their household, a division of labor. So I think this is what is in my mind, trying to see how to make the most of everything but prioritizing him. That would be my goal, I would say. Or

Coach (01:06):
So is it correct for me to say that you want to prioritize your time with your son over these other areas that you talked about?

Client (01:20):
Yeah, absolutely as well? Yeah, that's exactly

Coach (01:22):
Would be number one.

Client (01:24):
Yeah, number one in a way that's realistic, right? Not just the, we say where it's everything and anything about him, but it's more in a way that I feel like I'm not putting focus on things that are not that important. I think we all have this constant to-do list, so you're like, oh, I have to do this and that, and this and that, and it's really learning to be rather than to do, if that makes sense. It does,

Coach (02:00):
It does. How have you been with him in the past?

Client (02:05):
I mean, that's a good point. I mean, I feel like I'm aware I need to improve the being rather than the doing. I feel like I'm more like, which surprised? I surprised myself because I thought I was the opposite, but I discovered that I'm more like my parents. I think I followed the way that I've been also myself raised,

Coach (02:35):
And

Client (02:35):
I even sit now, we spend a bit of time with my parents over the past few months, and I realize they're still like that. They're very much into let's do, let's, let's get this done. And I think I have to reprogram myself to just learn to focus between doing the laundry and playing with him. I should think, okay, you know what? The laundry can wait if it's not done to date, it's not

Coach (03:05):
World. Can you describe to me what it would look like, this concept of being, just being with your son?

Client (03:15):
Yeah, I think it would be just to focus on him, to focus on, to be conscious of the moment, to be really in that time, fully aware and participating and focusing. I think I'm too used to thinking of a thousand things at the same time, which is, it's fine. I mean, I think we all do that, but just to learn to be free and available for him, not to be thinking, oh, I'm doing these. And at the same time, I think he notices also, and my mom was like that with us and I noticed it too. So I want to avoid doing that.

Coach (04:07):
And tell me about a time, describe a time when you were fully with him and how you felt and all of the things about those moments.

Client (04:17):
Yeah, so yesterday, so I'm aware of it. So I'm trying to make, I mean, being conscious I think is the first step, and then trying to change a few things. Also, it takes a bit of time, but yesterday, I think the good thing is because now he's going to go to daycare, it'll help me because I work from home. So before he was here, so it was never separated, I would say, because even though he was being cared at home, I would see him all the time and will interact, which was nice for me. But at the same time, it didn't help me separate things, which I think I need. So for me, a good example is yesterday, for instance, after daycare. So I picked him up and then we played, I don't know the word in English. Anyway, we made this game together, which was nice because, so I felt like I left my phone, I left all my clothes, and I was just really engaged with him, which was nice. He is a nice boy. We felt really privileged and happy. He's a happy kid also.

Coach (05:32):
That felt nice, but what else? What other feelings did you have about that moment?

Client (05:38):
Yeah, proud of myself. I mean, I feel it's a bit silly to say that, but yeah, it's really being proud of being able to connect

(05:56):
And also, what's the word? Being with myself, what's the word I'm looking for? Compassionate in a way. So it's really because we put so much pressure, I feel as moms or as women, society puts so much pressure on us. So it was really, I try also to really become passionate with me, not to just have this constant negative thing, oh, I don't do enough this, I don't do enough that I should be doing better this. So try to change the way I also talk to myself about the way I'm caring about my son to be more

Coach (06:46):
Passion or being gratitude. It almost sounds like gratitude in a way, being thankful that,

Client (06:53):
I mean, I'm not sure. It's more just to avoid the guilt, the constant guilt, because I think, I feel like I see it around me with moms, working moms. You are always teared or torn between your career, your household, your significant other, your kids mean. And also you have this, I think, unfortunate kind of narrative about, oh no, you can do it all and look amazing like a supermodel. And on top of it, you can have being a director and a high level executive. I mean, some people may be manage, but I feel like the narrative is putting so much pressure on moms, and I had my son quite late. So there's the gap between career where people are at my age and having a young kid. So I'm just trying to reconcile a bit of everything, but in a way that the narrative is not negative and just saying, but it's more looking at the glass half pool, I would say.

Coach (08:05):
It sounds like you're trying to be more positive

Client (08:08):
About how I do, rather than just pointing at what I do wrong, just trying to point to myself what I do.

Coach (08:16):
So that kind of talks about the whole idea of being, so you want to be, it sounds like you want to be, in fact, instead of my describing it, could you describe how you want to be? What do you see for yourself? How do you want to be?

Client (08:32):
I want to be able to connect, I mean, without sounding too naive or cliche, but to connect in a way where I feel that I'm present, I'm enjoying the moment, I'm connecting, I'm there. I'm just not thinking, oh, I have to do the shopping. Oh, I have to buy this him, I make an appointment for this. Or, oh, I have an idea about my job, which is hard because that's not the way I'm wired because I'm multitasker and always thinking about a thousand things. Even I think even the way I work, or even when I'm talking to people, I'm always like, oh, I have another idea. So I think it's also the way, so it's good if I learn to be a bit more focused one thing at a time, and the same with my son. One thing at a time, and this is the most important one,

Coach (09:32):
And I think you're doing it right now. You're focused on one thing, your son, so maybe you're already being that way.

Client (09:40):
Yeah, I'm trying. It's even the class, for instance, I was on the phone for a few minutes, so I'm trying to solve an issue with this dance. My son's dances, but I'm also, I have these bad habits during meetings or class will be on my phone doing other things, which is bad because obviously first it's important to pay attention. But I told myself, I can do both, but this is not right. I won't do it as well as if I was focus, but I don't know about you, but it's just, yeah, it's just the phone is there all the time. Now WhatsApp has become a working tool, so you're constantly bombarded and it's hard for me to learn to just say, okay, that's now the quiet phone time, or that's now the quiet space for that. Right?

Coach (10:32):
Julie, I love this for you. I feel like this is addressing so many things, putting your phone away, learning how to focus on one thing is a perfect goal for you because that's going to help you to connect deeper with your son, to be compassionate with him, to be in the moment, both for him and both for yourself as well. I love it. 